0.  How many differnt colors does each format support?
        BMP: 32bit, 4 billion colors
        GIF: 8bit, 256 colors
        JPEG: 24bit, 16 million colors
        PNG: 24bit, 16 million colors
    
1.  Which of the formats support animation?
        GIF
        
2.  What's the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
        Lossless compression keeps all bits of data that was originally
        in the file after compression, while lossy perminantly 
        eliminates data.
        
3.  Which of the formats is lossy-compressed?
        JPEG
        
4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a 
    FAT file system?
        When a FAT file is deleted, the file's name is rewritten in 
        its directory to show it has been deleted; however, the actual
        FAT data is never touched. The system just moves it to the 
        hard drive.

5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability)
    that files you delete cannot be recovered?
        Overwrite files on disk replacing them with ASCII NUL bytes (zeros).
    
6.  What's stdint.h?

7.  What's the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and 
    uint16_t in a program?
        You can use the exact amount of space in a file. This is good for bitmap headers.
    
8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, 
    respectively? (Assume a 32-bit architecture like the 
    CS50 Appliance.)
        BYTE = 8 bits, 1 byte
        DWORD = 32 bits, 4 bytes
        LONG = 32 bits, 4 bytes
        WORD = 16 bits, 2 bytes
    
9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes
    of any BMP file be? (Leading bytes used to identify file formats 
    (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"
        Hex: 0x42, 0x4d 
        ASCII: BM, stored in bftype.
    
10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
        bfsize is the total size in bytes of the bitmap file.
        bisize is the number of bytes required by the structure(info header).

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
        It means that the bitmap is top-down DIB with origin
        at the upper left-hand corner.

12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth
    (i.e., bits per pixel)?
        biBitCount
    
13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
        It would return NULL if the file could not be created.

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
        It is the number of blocks and we only want fread to read
        our file 1 time.

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
        It assigns a padding of 3.

16. What does fseek do?
        It sets the file position. It allows you to change the 
        location of the file pointer.

17. What is SEEK_CUR?
        It allows you to change the location of the pointer from 
        its current location.

18. Whodunit?
        Rob Boden
